# First bLog entry

### Step one

- Define a location object that can be linked together with movement commands
    - go north, go up, ...
    - Included a name, description (compound description that includes descriptions of contained items)
- Initial configuration and state saving / restoration
- Beginnings of grammar parser  


### Concerns
- Can I make this interesting enough
    - Will the concrete instances of items have enough configuration to define behavior
    or will a embedding scripting engine be needed (making configuring a new setup much harder)


Differences in CLI and Web

Logging 
- in web mode logging is good, the user never sees it
- in cli mode logging is bad, will distract from user, 
- need development logging, prob not production 

### Text to user
We may have different needs for different users (cli,web).  We can use the golang 
template mechanism to provide that. We can have a plain text, a colorized text, and an html one.
Will be some extra work as the text provider will need to present all.
How to do it?  Should it be in the description generated?  A centralized text generator based 
off of the command?  Will start simple and change (perhaps) later.


###Commands
Thinking about creating a 'command' object that will 
- know how to use the command string
- perform action
- make any modifications 
- return display information

things to consider
- some commands are global (help, exit, display)
- some commands are only useful in certain domains (take key)
- should commands be built-in or configurable (scripted), start with build in



### Some random thoughts

##### Naming stuff
I spend way too much time naming things.  A good name is very useful, I get
stuck trying to come up with esthetically pleasing and useful names.
Some of the rules of GO don't help.  
Ex:
Start with an interface returning a Name
Then implement it.

```
type Thing interface {
	Name() string
}

type MyThing struct {
	name string
}

func (m *MyThing) Name() string {
	return m.name
}
```

That works very well.... except if you need to make Name public so you 
can marshal/unmarshal the value.  So you end up wanting to name it 
```
 type MyThing struct {
 	Name string `json:"name"`
 }
 
 func (m *MyThing) Name() string {
 	return m.Name
 }
```
But that does not compile because you have a method and field with the same name.
* ValueName (NameValue), yuck
* ThingName, sorta yuck, is redundant   
* use java like getters GetName(), triple yuck  
* use a different language, Nombre, Nomine, 
(does not work if the word is the same, ex. German for Name is Name), I like it.  A little eccentric but...
(of course your IDE will complain about the spelling, so you'll have to add the correct dictionary)

```
 type MyThing struct {
 	Nombre string `json:"name"`
 }
 
 func (m *MyThing) Name() string {
 	return m.Nombre
 }
```

